Improve docs for upgrading the Java Agent and adding Java Agent APIs (#16710)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/installation/update-java-agent.mdx

1. Back up the <DoNotTranslate>**entire**</DoNotTranslate> [Java agent root directory](/docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/troubleshooting/find-agent-root-directory#java-agent) to another location. Rename that directory to `NewRelic_Agent#.#.#`, where `#.#.#` is the agent version number.
2. [Download the agent.](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/java-release-notes)
3. Unzip the new agent download file, then copy `newrelic-api.jar` and `newrelic.jar` into the original [Java agent root directory](/docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/troubleshooting/find-agent-root-directory#java-agent).

> 4. (Optional) If you are using the any of the agent APIs like our [Java Agent API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/api-guides/guide-using-java-agent-api/) or a [Scala API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/frameworks/scala-installation-java/#using-the-scala-api), it is recommended to upgrade your API dependencies as well to the latest version. Your newer version of the agent will still support the APIs but you may be missing new features plus upgrading is relatively easy. If you are using a build tool like maven, upgrade the API versions to latest. For example if you are using the Java Agent API with gradle where `${agent.version}` is a placeholder for the upgraded agent version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) If you are using the any of the agent APIs like our [Java agent API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/api-guides/guide-using-java-agent-api/) or a [Scala API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/frameworks/scala-installation-java/#using-the-scala-api), we recommend you upgrade your API dependencies to the latest version. The newer agent version will still support the APIs, but you may be missing new features. If you're using a build tool like maven, upgrade the API versions to latest. For example, if you're  using the Java Agent API with gradle, replace `${agent.version}` with the latest version:

```

  ```groovy

>   implementation 'com.newrelic.agent.java:newrelic-api:8.10.0'

Author: Used my own update to match gradle's syntax

1. Back up the <DoNotTranslate>**entire**</DoNotTranslate> [Java agent root directory](/docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/troubleshooting/find-agent-root-directory#java-agent) to another location. Rename that directory to `NewRelic_Agent#.#.#`, where `#.#.#` is the agent version number.
2. [Download the agent.](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/java-release-notes)
3. Unzip the new agent download file, then copy `newrelic-api.jar` and `newrelic.jar` into the original [Java agent root directory](/docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/troubleshooting/find-agent-root-directory#java-agent).
4. (Optional) If you are using the any of the agent APIs like our [Java agent API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/api-guides/guide-using-java-agent-api/) or a [Scala API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/frameworks/scala-installation-java/#using-the-scala-api), we recommend you upgrade your API dependencies to the latest version. The newer agent version will still support the APIs, but you may be missing new features. If you're using a build tool like maven, upgrade the API versions to latest. For example, if you're  using the Java Agent API with gradle, replace `${agent.version}` with the latest version:

>   ```groovy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
  ```groovy
```

  implementation 'com.newrelic.agent.java:newrelic-api:${agent.version}'
  ```

> 5. Restart your Java process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

5. Restart your Java process.
```

1. Back up the <DoNotTranslate>**entire**</DoNotTranslate> [Java agent root directory](/docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/troubleshooting/find-agent-root-directory#java-agent) to another location. Rename that directory to `NewRelic_Agent#.#.#`, where `#.#.#` is the agent version number.
2. [Download the agent.](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/java-release-notes)
3. Unzip the new agent download file, then copy `newrelic-api.jar` and `newrelic.jar` into the original [Java agent root directory](/docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/troubleshooting/find-agent-root-directory#java-agent).

> 4. (Optional) If you are using the any of the agent APIs like our [Java agent API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/api-guides/guide-using-java-agent-api/) or a [Scala API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/frameworks/scala-installation-java/#using-the-scala-api), we recommend you upgrade your API dependencies to the latest version. The newer agent version will still support the APIs, but you may be missing new features. If you're using a build tool like maven, upgrade the API versions to latest. For example, if you're  using the Java Agent API with gradle, replace `${agent.version}` with the latest version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) If you are using the any of the agent APIs like our [Java agent API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/api-guides/guide-using-java-agent-api/) or a [Scala API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/frameworks/scala-installation-java/#using-the-scala-api), we recommend you upgrade your API dependencies to the latest version. The newer agent version will still support the APIs, but you may be missing new features. If you're using a build tool like maven, upgrade the API versions to latest. For example, if you're using the Java Agent API with gradle, replace `${agent.version}` with the latest version:
```

2. [Download the agent.](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/java-release-notes)
3. Unzip the new agent download file, then copy `newrelic-api.jar` and `newrelic.jar` into the original [Java agent root directory](/docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/troubleshooting/find-agent-root-directory#java-agent).
4. (Optional) If you are using the any of the agent APIs like our [Java Agent API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/api-guides/guide-using-java-agent-api/) or a [Scala API](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/frameworks/scala-installation-java/#using-the-scala-api), it is recommended to upgrade your API dependencies as well to the latest version. Your newer version of the agent will still support the APIs but you may be missing new features plus upgrading is relatively easy. If you are using a build tool like maven, upgrade the API versions to latest. For example if you are using the Java Agent API with maven where `{agent.version}` is a placeholder for the upgraded agent version:
  ```xml

>   <dependency>

Reviewer 2: Looks good!  Personally, I'd give a gradle short version example (Maven 🤮 ), but this works too 😄

      <groupId>com.newrelic.agent.java</groupId>
      <artifactId>newrelic-api</artifactId>
      <version>{agent.version}</version>
  </dependency>
  ```
5. Compare your old `newrelic.yml` with the newly downloaded `newrelic.yml` from the zip, and [update the file if needed](#diff).

> 6. Restart your Java dispatcher.

Reviewer 2: Consider using `service` or `process` instead of `dispatcher`.

Author: Changed to `process`
